[Music]
I will not let this Republic be split in
two my negotiations will not fail if
they do they aren't enough Jedi to
protect the Republic
we're keepers of the Peace not soldiers
[Music]
sorry Master I forgot you don't like
flying
well you've lost it if you'll excuse me
I hate it when he does that Anakin don't
do anything without first consulting
either myself or the council
you don't need guidance Anakin I see you
becoming the greatest of all Jedi has
exceptional skills his abilities have
made him arrogant excuse me I'm in
charge of security here milady
[Music]
we must stop them before they're ready
your clones are very impressive they'll
do their job well
laughs that's why I hate fly this is a
crisis Senate must vote the Chancellor
emergency powers as my first act I will
create a Grand Army of the Republic
conquer the increasing threats of the
separatists hasn't been a full-scale war
since the formation of the Republic must
join me obi-wan and together we destroy
the Sith side clouds everything in grave
danger
[Music]
begun this clone war